# Customs

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**reason_for_export** | **str** | Used to provide the reason an international shipment is being sent e.g. Sale, Gift, Return etc.  &lt;br /&gt;Mandatory for Royal Mail international shipments.  &lt;br /&gt;If the carrier is UPU affiliated and the service is a postal service, then only the following values are accepted: &lt;br /&gt;**Gift** &lt;br /&gt;**Commercial Sample** &lt;br /&gt;**Documents** &lt;br /&gt;**Sale of Goods** &lt;br /&gt;**Return of Goods** &lt;br /&gt;**Mixed Content** &lt;br /&gt;**Other** | [optional] 
**incoterms** | [**TermsOfTrade**](TermsOfTrade.md) |  | [optional] 
**pre_registration_number** | **str** | Some countries operate a Tax Pre-Registration scheme (e.g., VOEC in Norway, GST in Australia). If you are registered for a Tax Pre-Registration scheme for the destination country and are shipping under the scheme rules then provide the pre-registration number for the destination country.  &lt;br /&gt;A pre-registration number is only relevant if the shipment Incoterms are DDU (Delivery Duty Unpaid). &lt;br /&gt;If not provided and the shipment incoterms are set to DDU, any pre-registration numbers set up for your account in the Customs Settings GUI will be used. &lt;br /&gt;**NOTE**: VAT and EORI numbers should be provided in the  Shipper VatNumber and Shipper EoriNumber fields, not in the preRegistrationNumber fields. | [optional] 
**pre_registration_type** | **str** | The type of pre-registration number provided in the PreRegistrationNumber element. &lt;br /&gt;Required if a pre-registration number has been provided. &lt;br /&gt;Ignored if there is no pre-registration number. &lt;br /&gt;**NOTE:** VAT and EORI numbers should be provided in the  Shipper VatNumber and Shipper EoriNumber fields, not in the preRegistrationNumber and PreRegistrationType fields | [optional] 
**shipping_charges** | **float** | Shipping Charges for International Shipments. &lt;br /&gt;The postage amount paid by the customer. The amount can be 0.00 if the customer has been offered free delivery. &lt;br /&gt;Used for the calculation of customs fees. &lt;br /&gt;Any value should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field. | [optional] 
**other_charges** | **float** | Insurance and Other Costs for International Shipments. &lt;br /&gt;Used to declare any costs the customer has been charged in addition to the standard shipping cost, such as insurance. &lt;br /&gt;This field can be left blank, or be 0.00 if no other charges have been levied.         &lt;br /&gt;Any value should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field. | [optional] 
**quoted_landed_cost** | **float** | The total cost quoted to the customer for delivering the shipment. This includes shipping charges, other charges and any customs taxes and duties charges that were quoted. &lt;br /&gt;Required for some international destinations when the shipment incoterms are DDP. &lt;br /&gt;Any value should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field. | [optional] 
**invoice_number** | **str** | Invoice Number for International Shipments. &lt;br /&gt;When sending an item to an overseas address and a Commercial or Proforma invoice is available, the Invoice Number and Date should be provided where possible. This supports customs processing in certain circumstances. &lt;br /&gt;Required if Invoice Date is provided. &lt;br /&gt;If provided, this will be displayed on commercial invoices generated for the shipment. | [optional] 
**invoice_date** | **date** | If not provided, defaults to today&#x27;s date. &lt;br /&gt;Ignored if no Invoice Number provided. &lt;br /&gt;Accepted Format: YYYY-MM-DD | [optional] 
**export_licence_required** | **bool** | Used to flag shipments requiring an export license.  &lt;br /&gt;An export license is neeed for a specific type of goods used predominantly for military purposes. &lt;br /&gt;You can find out more about the type of items requiring an export licence on the UK Government website. &lt;br /&gt;If an export licence is required, it should be affixed to the outside of the package. | [optional] 
**airn** | **str** |  The AIRN (Addressee Identification Reference Number) is the generic name given to a national identification number for the overseas recipient of an item. &lt;br /&gt;The AIRN, when available, should be provided for items being exported to a destination where the customs/tax authority requests one. E.g. Russia and Brazil. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

